hello I'm Veronica Pedroza in Kuala
Lumpur with the top stories on al
Jazeera Pakistan's military says it's
reached a key phase in its fight to
defeat the Taliban troops are fighting
street to street in the town of Mingora
the main town in the Swat Valley but an
army spokesman who owns the operation
will be quote painfully slow as many as
20,000 civilians are said to be trapped
by the fighting in Mingora the United
Nations says nearly two million people
have been displaced by the offensive but
less than a hundred thousand have
arrived in refugee camps the United
Nations secretary-general is urging the
Sri Lankan government to allow a groups
unfettered access to refugees made
homeless by the recent conflict after
touring the former conflict zone ban
said that the trapped civilians must
have undergone quote the most inhumane
suffering barn also welcomed the
president's promise to resettle most of
the displaced by the end of the year at
least three people have been killed and
more than 30 injured after the latest
fighting in somalia's capital mogadishu
government forces are trying to regain
control of parts of the city overtaken
by fighters seeking to overthrow the
government the African Union has called
on the UN to impose sanctions on eritrea
for allegedly supporting the rebels
eritrea says the accusations of baseless
Nepal's parliament has chosen a new
prime minister in a move to try to end
weeks of political turmoil mud of Kumar
Nepal is a veteran leader of the
Communist Party the previous Maoist
Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal
resigned earlier this month after a
dispute with the president resulting in
weeks of protests voting is underway in
Mongolia and what's reported to be a
tight presidential race between the
incumbent number in NVR and opposition
leader l beg George suck again analysts
say public frustration of a rampant
poverty and corruption could work in the
opposition's favor and the space shuttle
Atlantis has had to delay its return to
Earth for a second day because of
thunderstorms over the landing site
in the US state of Florida the
astronauts on board are waiting to
re-enter the Earth's atmosphere after
completing repairs to the Hubble Space
Telescope they'll make another attempt
to land later on Sunday for the latest
updates you can always log on to our
website the address is al Jazeera net
forward slash English